`POST https://api.tweetmarker.net/v1/lastread?api_key=yourkey&collection=timeline&username=manton`

This uses OAuth Echo to verify a user's account, just like when posting an image to Twitpic. If you are already doing image upload with OAuth Echo, you may be able to reuse the headers you create exactly, just pass them to a different URL.

X-Verify-Credentials-Authorization should be constructed in the usual way with secret keys, etc.

X-Auth-Service-Provider should be: https://api.twitter.com/1/account/verify_credentials.json

More info here: http://dev.twitter.com/pages/oauth_echo

The body of the POST is the status ID of the tweet you want to save. This should be the tweet that is currently visible at the top of your view. If scrolled, this might not be the most recent tweet. Other clients will then refresh and scroll this saved tweet (if it's found) so that it's also visible at the top of the view.

The "collection" parameter should be one of these: timeline, mentions, messages (for DMs), favorites, lists.id, searches.id. But it can be anything, if you have special groups of tweets that you want to sync. You can also get or set multiple tweet status IDs in a single call by setting "collection" to a comma-separated list, such as "timeline,mentions".

Make sure cookies are enabled; the server will use sessions to minimize the overhead of Twitter API calls. Clients should make the POST call when a user is switching views or quitting the app. Don't call too often, and be prepared to gracefully fail.

`GET https://api.tweetmarker.net/v1/lastread?api_key=yourkey&collection=timeline&username=manton`

Same as above but doesn't require authentication, so no need to pass OAuth headers.

Returns the status ID for the last saved tweet in the HTTP body.

Clients should quietly fail if this call returns a non-200 HTTP response or times out. Do not show an error message, just restore the scrolled position as you normally would without the synced status ID.